# Alibaba AI Matrix Legal Notice  
  
Welcome to Alibaba AI Matrix ("Website"). Please read carefully the following terms and conditions concerning your use (“Terms of Use”) of information, material and all contents on this Website.  

The Website may contain links to external open source sites and their contents (“Third Party Content”) that may contain corresponding terms and conditions for your access and usage. Links to Third Party Contents are provided only as a convenience. You hereby acknowledge and agree to check, review and decide whether you can abide by all terms, regulatory compliance and other conditions before visiting, testing or otherwise using the Third Party Content.  All content of this Website, including all of the images, web frames, site graphics and page design, text, audio, video, graphics, technology and software along with related intellectual property right and legitimate rights and interests, including trademark, copyright and patent, as well as the copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights of the software, which used to offer service by the Website are all owned or controlled by Alibaba, Alibaba’s affiliates (affiliated entities listed in the latest annual report of Alibaba Group Holding Limited, http://www.alibabagroup.com/cn/ir/secfilings) or certain third parties.  
  
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, you are not granted any express or implied license under any rights or intellectual property contained in the Website.  Alibaba, its affiliates or third parties is the sole and lawful owner of all the rights and interests.  For example, all trademarks, service mark and trade names are the property of their respective owners.  No trademark or service mark can be used by you nor used as a hyperlink without owners’ prior written permission.  Accordingly, you shall be solely responsible for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual propriety rights for unauthorized use of the Website or all content.  
  
## Disclaimer and Others  
We expressly disclaims all warranties, including the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of the Website and Third Party Content.  You expressly acknowledge and agree that we do not endorse and are not responsible for Third Party Content, nor does represent that the Website and Third Party Content will at all times be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components.  Additionally, we struggle to maintain the Website but we make no commitment to update the information.  In an effort to take reasonable measures to maintain and protect the Website, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to change the content at any time that may cause the unavailability of the Website or terminate access to the Website by you.
The Terms of Use have been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China except for the conflict of laws (including the rules of conflict of laws).  If any disputes resulting from, arising out of or any way related to the Website cannot be settled amicably, both of us agree to bring in Hangzhou Yuhang District People's Court.  
  
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions. 

